# Troubleshooting & FAQs

## FAQs

### What does the script do?
1) Generates precombines using the Creation Kit (command line CreationKit.exe -GeneratePrecombined:pluginname.esp clean all)
2) Launches xEdit so that you can apply the 03_MergeCombinedObjects script on the patch plugin.
3) Deletes CombinedObject.esp
4) Compresses psg to csg and then deletes the psg file.
5) Adds the precombined meshes to a ba2 archive file to speed up previs generation.
6) Generates CDX.
7) Generates Previs.
8) Launches xEdit so you can apply the 05_MergePreVis_patched script on the patch plugin.
9) Deletes PreVis.esp.
10) Extracts the archive created in step 5, then creates a new archive with all the meshes and previs (vis folder).
11) Cleans the esp.

### How do I know if Precombines have been broken?
The easiest way is to open the plugin in xEdit and expand the Cell and/or Worldspace records. If any of the placed objects have brackets like this [Placed Object] then objects that were part of precombines have been edited. You can then check the VISI - PreVis Files Timestamp and PCMB - Precombined Files Timestamp to see if they have been regenerated by checking the dates. If previsibines have been regenerated, the brackets just mean that the item is part of the regenerated precombine meshes.

## Troubleshooting

### Error about missing registry entries when starting FO4Edit
You did not start Fallout 4 at least once after performing a clean install.

### Error when running GeneratePrevisibines.ps1 cannot be loaded because the execution of scripts is disabled on this system.
Either bypass the execution for the script using the command <b>powershell -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -File GeneratePrevisibines.ps1</b><br>
OR<br>
Change the policy using <b>Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned</b> and then hit A for Yes To All

### CK crashed
The CK may crash with an exception 0xc0000005. I've seen this when I had a plugin file with errors (this is why I recommend error checking). I've also seen this when I had a plugin that I intentionally created ITMs (Identical to Master) in order to force a cell to generate previsibines. Once I cleaned the plugin of ITMs, it worked fine.
